.Dd September 25, 2014
.Dt XBARI 1
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm xbari
.Nd Simple indicator bar for X Windows
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm xbari
.Op Fl a 
.Op Fl t Ar thickness
.Op Fl p Ar interval
.Op Fl I Ar color
.Op Fl O Ar color
.Op Fl i Ar color
.Op Fl o Ar color
.Op Fl s Ar script-name
.Op Ar top | bottom | left | right
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm xbari
displays the current input status in the X window
environment. Commonly used as a battery indicator (i.e. as a native
replacement for the xbattbar). Battery status in such case obtained
through any suitable external utility (or using one of the deployed
test-input-* helpers).
.Pp
.Nm xbari
shows input data status in a simple bar indicator.
.Nm -a
option makes the indicator window keep always on top of your screen.
The thickness of the indicator is 3 pixels in default and
you can set the thickness as a parameter of 
.Nm -t
option.
This indicator is appeared in the bottom of the display, as its default.
The option
.Nm top,
.Nm left,
or
.Nm right
forces the status indicator to be at the top, left, and right of the
display,
respectively.
Though it's a default, you can also use
.Nm buttom
as the option.
.Pp
In the case the input line is on-line (i.e. AC is plugged in),
its color of the bar indicator consists of "green" and "olive drab"
portions.
The "green" portion shows its battery charging level.
These colors can be changed by
.Nm -I
and
.Nm -O
options.
In the other case (i.e. AC line is off-line),
the "blue" portion of the bar indicator shows the percentage of
its remaining battery level.
The color conbination for the off-line input case can be changed by
.Nm -i
and
.Nm -o
options.
.Pp
.Nm xbari
tries to get input status in every 10 seconds in default.
.Nm -p
option sets the polling interval in seconds.
.Pp
If the mouse cursor enters the indicator window, a popup
diagnosis window comes up in the center of your display showing the
current line status and level.
The diagnosis window appears in the center of the display.
This diagnosis window disappears if the mouse cursor leaves from
the status indicator.
.Sh AUTHOR
PiXy <ashtoreth@ukr.net>
